what is good on you guys my name is CB k
also known as Callum I guess if you have
to and this is my channel trailer so
I've never had one of these done
properly so I thought I would do one now
for the relaunching of my channel get a
nice thing out so you guys can see what
this channel is all about and decide
whether you want to subscribe to me I
mean I would personally but and so yeah
on this channel you can see a lot of
things it's all gaming related mostly
you're of course gonna see some
minecraft there we go and then back into
normal game mode okay here we go
first lucky but that's bad isn't it
yep that's bad oh please what is it guys
so he's here and welcome to a new video
today I'm joined by Lizzie yeah me Hey
and last and most definitely least cpk
what's up guys smallish beans here and
today did you sabotage me sabotage
this is so difficult to see what's going
on anymore what is up guys your intro
but it's not just gonna be Minecraft on
this channel there are other things like
Sims 4 I have nuts lady simply and cute
damn she hot and she's an Air Marshal
now I got el Boyle and these three
randoms again one two three that there's
hair evil woman now the best way I have
found to do this is to go and make a
family sized meal to load them all in so
we're gonna go in please say good okay
and they're in one two three four okay
build my shawl sell the door now they
have no way out and this is where it
gets exciting because now we've just
we've locked them in the house wearing
control she's going to bed and of course
everybody's favorite things real life
vlogs where you get to see deep into the
secrets of my life and how serious I am
about living and also
oh the dog Russ bad you mad
are you mad bro mad
but yeah guys if that seems like
something that interests you personally
or maybe just one of your friends then
be sure to hit that subscribe button
check out some of the other videos are
on my channel and hopefully we can have
a really fun time
I have been ziba gear thank you all for
watching
I'll see you guys next time who's also
before I forget big shout out to a band
called Fort Hood who allowed me to use
their track in this video make sure to
check them out too they're so awesome
thank you for watching guys purse